lightdm-webkit2-greeter(1)                          General Commands Manual                         lightdm-webkit2-greeter(1)

NAME
       lightdm-webkit2-greeter

SYNOPSIS
       LightDM greeter that uses webkit2 for theming via HTML/JavaScript.

DESCRIPTION
       lightdm-webkit2-greeter is a LightDM greeter that uses webkit2 for theming.  Themes can be written using a combination
       of HTML and Javascript.

THEME JAVASCRIPT API
       Please note that all properties and functions which are marked as "deprecated" are only available for backwards
       compatibility and will be removed in a future version of lightdm-webkit2-greeter.  Theme authors should not use any
       deprecated properties or functions in new works and should update any existing works which make use of deprecated
       properties and/or functions to ensure continued proper functionality.

       The following functions must be provided by the greeter theme and callable on the global "window" object.

       show_prompt(text, type)
           This will be called when LightDM needs to prompt the user for some reason, such as asking for a password.  The
           "text" parameter will be the text of the prompt, and the "type" parameter will either be "text" for a visible
           prompt, or "password" for a prompt that the input should be hidden.

       show_message(text, type)
           This will be called when LightDM needs to display some info for the user.  The "text" parameter will be the text of
           the message, and the "type" parameter will either be "info" for an information message, or "error" for an error
           message that LightDM has encountered.

       authentication_complete()
           This function is called by LightDM when authentication has completed.

       autologin_timer_expired()
           This function is called by LightDM when an autologin user's login timer has expired.  The greeter should reset the
           authentication process.

       The following functions are available for the greeter to call to execute actions within LightDM.

       lightdm.authenticate(username)
           Specifies the username of the user we'd like to start authenticating as.  Note that if you call
           lightdm.authenticate with no argument, LightDM (via PAM) will issue a show_prompt() call to ask for the username.
           The older function lightdm.start_authentication() has been deprecated.

       lightdm.authenticate_as_guest()
           Authenticates as the guest user.

       lightdm.cancel_authentication()
           Cancels the authentication of any user currently in the process of authenticating.

       lightdm.cancel_autologin()
           Cancels the authentication of the autologin user.  The older function lightdm.cancel_timed_login() has been
           deprecated.

       lightdm.get_hint(hint_name)
           Returns the value of a named hint provided by LightDM.

       lightdm.suspend()
           Suspends the system, if the greeter has the authority to do so.

       lightdm.hibernate()
           Hibernates the system, if the greeter has the authority to do so.

       lightdm.start_session_sync(session)
           Once LightDM has successfully authenticated the user, start the user's session by calling this function.  "session"
           is the authenticated user's session.  If no session is passed, start the authenticated user with the system default
           session. The older function lightdm.login(user, session) has been deprecated.

       lightdm.respond(text)
           When LightDM has prompted for input, provide the response to LightDM.  The deprecated function was
           "provide_secret".  This is still available for backwards compatibility, but authors of greeters should move to
           using lightdm.respond().

       lightdm.restart()
           Restarts the system, if the greeter has the authority to do so.

       lightdm.set_language(lang)
           Will set the language for the current LightDM session.

       lightdm.shutdown()
           Shuts down the system, if the greeter has the authority to do so.

       Variables available within the greeter are:

       lightdm.authentication_user
           String. The username of the authentication user being authenticated or null if no authentication is in progress.

       lightdm.autologin_guest
           Boolean. Indicates the guest user should be used for autologin.

       lightdm.autologin_timeout
           Number. The number of seconds to wait before automatically logging in. The older variable lightdm.timed_user_delay
           has been deprecated.

       lightdm.autologin_user
           String. The name of the user account that should be logged into automatically after timed login delay has passed.
           The older variable lightdm.timed_login_user has been deprecated.

       lightdm.can_hibernate
           Boolean. Whether or not the system can be made to hibernate by the greeter.

       lightdm.can_restart
           Boolean. Whether or not the system can be restarted by the greeter.

       lightdm.can_shutdown
           Boolean. Whether or not the system can be shutdown by the greeter.

       lightdm.can_suspend
           Boolean. Whether or not the system can be suspended by the greeter.

       lightdm.default_session
           String. The name of the default session (as configured in lightdm.conf).

       lightdm.has_guest_account
           Boolean. A guest account is available for login.

       lightdm.hide_users
           Boolean. The whole list of users should not be displayed.

       lightdm.hostname
           String. The hostname of the system.

       lightdm.is_authenticated
           Boolean. Indicates if the user has successfully authenticated.

       lightdm.in_authentication
           Boolean. Indicates if lightdm is currently in the authentication phase.

       lightdm.language
           String. The currently selected language. The older variable name lightdm.default_language is deprecated.

       lightdm.layout
           String. The name of the currently active keyboard layout. To change the layout, assign a valid layout name to this
           variable. The older variable name lightdm.default_layout is deprecated.

       lightdm.layouts
           Array. The keyboard layouts that are available on the system. Returns an Array of LightDMLayout objects.

       lightdm.num_users
           Number. The number of users able to log in.

       lightdm.select_guest
           Boolean. The guest user should be selected by default for login.

       lightdm.select_user
           String. The username that should be selected by default for login.

       lightdm.sessions
           Array. The sessions that are available on the system. Returns an Array of LightDMSession objects.

       lightdm.users
           Array. The users that are able to log in. Returns an Array of LightDMUser objects.

       The following calls can be made to read configuration keys out of the lightdm-webkit2-greeter configuration file.

       config.get_str(section, key)
           Returns the string value associated with key under the "section" in the configuration file.

       config.get_num(section, key)
           Returns the numeric value associated with key under the "section" in the configuration file.

       config.get_bool(section, key)
           Returns the boolean value associated with key under the "section" in the configuration file.

       The greeterutil object has some utility functions associated with it which are intended to make a theme author's work
       easier.

       greeterutil.dirlist(path)
           Returns an array of strings of filenames present at "path", or Null if the path does not exist.

       greeterutil.txt2html(txt)
           Returns a simple HTML conversion of the passed text.  Newlines are replaced with <br>, and the characters &, <, >,
           and " are replaced with their HTML equivalents.

       Please see the LightDM API documentation for the complete list of calls available.  The lightdm-webkit2-greeter
       implements all of the LightDM API.

CONFIGURATION
       /etc/lightdm/lightdm-webkit2-greeter.conf
           Keyfile that contains one key: webkit-theme.  This should point to which theme the greeter should use.

FILES
       /usr/share/lightdm-webkit/themes
           Directory where themes should be stored.

EXAMPLES
       Please see the "antergos" and "simple" themes that are shipped with lightdm-webkit2-greeter.

SEE ALSO
       http://people.ubuntu.com/~robert-ancell/lightdm/reference/core.html

AUTHOR
       The legacy lightdm-webkit-greeter was written by Robert Ancell <robert.ancell@canonical.com>.  It was ported to webkit2
       by the Antergos Developers <dev@antergos.com>. Also includes code improvements contributed by Scott Balneaves
       <sbalneav@ltsp.org>.

                                                          2016.01.10                                lightdm-webkit2-greeter(1)
